[DOCS] Add block kit messages in Slack connector (#177677)
elastic/kibana: docs/management/connectors/action-types/slack.asciidoc

=== Test connectors

You can test connectors as you're creating or editing the connector in {kib}.
For the webhook type of connector, its message text cannot contain Markdown, images, or other advanced formatting:

[role="screenshot"]
image::management/connectors/images/slack-webhook-params.png[Slack webhook connector test]
// NOTE: This is an autogenerated screenshot. Do not edit it directly.

For the web API type of connector, you must choose one of the channel IDs.

> You can use either plain text or block kit messages:

Author: ```suggestion
You can then test either plain text or block kit messages:
```
